MGMT-10112 - Add info about how to add a new e2e test (#1635)
openshift/assisted-test-infra: GUIDE.md

> NOTE: Currently there is an issue with the metal3 pod. The Assisted Installer team is aware of this.

## Adding a new e2e flow

> #### For adding a new e2e test

Reviewer: this line seems redundant, no?

 1. [Node controllers](https://github.com/openshift/assisted-test-infra/tree/master/src/assisted_test_infra/test_infra/controllers/node_controllers):
    - Alter or create any node controller depends on which platform the test is running on (e.g. [terraform_controller](https://github.com/openshift/assisted-test-infra/blob/master/src/assisted_test_infra/test_infra/controllers/node_controllers/terraform_controller.py), [vsphere_controller](https://github.com/openshift/assisted-test-infra/blob/master/src/assisted_test_infra/test_infra/controllers/node_controllers/vsphere_controller.py), [libvirt_controller](https://github.com/openshift/assisted-test-infra/blob/master/src/assisted_test_infra/test_infra/controllers/node_controllers/libvirt_controller.py))
    - Any new node controller must have its own implementation of [BaseNodeConfig](https://github.com/openshift/assisted-test-infra/blob/master/src/assisted_test_infra/test_infra/helper_classes/config/controller_config.py). The defaults values are taken directly from the env_defaults mentioned above.

>     - The base `NodeController` is the `TerraformController` (inherits from `LibvirtController`), so unless adding a new platform or specific platform test, you probably will have to alter one of this two controllers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The most heavily-used `NodeController` is the `TerraformController` (inherits from `LibvirtController`), so unless adding a new platform or specific platform test, you probably will have to alter one of those two controllers.
```

 1. General Purpose Controllers - Running extra services alongside the test (e.g. [ProxyController](https://github.com/openshift/assisted-test-infra/tree/master/src/assisted_test_infra/test_infra/controllers/proxy_controller) on IPv6) are often requires a new controller, if it can be done, run it as an isolated container. You probably will want to declare a new pytest-fixture for creating and destroying it properly.
 1. [Triggers](https://github.com/openshift/assisted-test-infra/tree/master/src/triggers) - Mechanism for automatic assignment of variables:
    - On some scenarios we will need to set multiple environment variables for single test (e.g. [SNO](https://github.com/openshift/assisted-test-infra/blob/master/src/triggers/default_triggers.py#L22-#L31)), triggers are mechanism for automatically set environment variables when some condition is met (e.g. `masters_count=1`)
    - The default triggers are defined [here](https://github.com/openshift/assisted-test-infra/blob/master/src/triggers/default_triggers.py)

>     - The condition for each trigger is defined using python lambada.

Reviewer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyLdoQGBchQ

```suggestion
    - The condition for each trigger is defined using python lambda function.
```
